MTM-56319 add contextual help info (#1510)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/get-familiar-with-the-ui/gui-features.md

</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left"><b>Top menu bar</b></td>

> <td style="text-align:left">Depending on the active application and the active page, a secondary bar is displayed below the top bar providing further functionalities like a <b>Reload</b> link for reloading the page or a <b>Realtime</b> link for the display of realtime data. <br>If available, inline contextual help content can be shown by clicking the help icon in the top menu bar. This help is only available in English.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td style="text-align:left">Depending on the active application and the active page, a secondary bar is displayed below the top bar providing further functionalities like a <b>Reload</b> link for reloading the page or a <b>Realtime</b> link for the display of real-time data. <br>A help icon indicates that inline contextual help content is available for the page. Clicking it opens a drawer with a short introduction on the page’s functionality and a direct link to the specific section in the user documentation for more details. Note that the help content is only available in English.</td>
```

Reviewer: We could also describe this functionality in more detail in a separate section but I think it is ok for now to at least describe it shortly here.
